1. User stats that're visible to anyone, and weekly leaderboard
2. The statement (A match has 2 rounds at 4 players, 3 rounds at 6 players. Every round ends with a Knowoff vote that removes one player. One More Round (§5) can add one extra round — and its vote — once per match.) is wrong; I think you've misunderstood me.
    2.1. If there's one Off, Off wins only if they survive two voting
    2.2. If there're two Offs, they win if one or two of them survives three voting.
    2.3. An important rule regarding 6 players game: if knowers can't find one Off in knowoff session of the second round, the game auto-ends, and Offs win
3. I've realized that one more round card disrupts game balance in favor of knowers; therefore, 
    let's replace it with revote card. Revote card cancels the result of the existing vote, and starts a new one with the same time period. The one before is nullified so it doesn't count in favor of Offs, only revote counts as vote for Offs. The card should be used before voting finalizes in 15 seconds; its other feautures are the same
4. The statment "Known renders small on purpose, and players hold their phones like card hands — shoulder-surfing is discouraged by design, not just by manners." makes sense only if players are present in person; however, I expect players to be random people all around the world not knowing each other in most cases
5. 10 seconds x players may be headache for 8 players or even 4 players during play window. Let's add ready button to speed up the game for fast and experienced users. The feature is open to everyone and every lobby type, 4 or 6
6. We had better provide some in-game currency for each victory for players. They can use them to buy items, skins, perks, or other premuim content. We should also monetize this currency which we sell in bulks. Let's call it knoin. You plan economy and its balance so as to offer a competetive but fair finance, which also gains me money while preserving players and foster their interest
    6.1. An important feature for knoin: players should collect a substantial amount of knoin to purchase premium that's basically unlimited game play. Even if they use knoin to purchase premium, it should be 1 day, 3 days, 7 days long premiums
    6.2. Gaining and colelcting Knoins shouldn't be so hard. We need a right balance and economy that gains reasonable Knoins that amounts to something meaningful over time
    6.3. Maybe we can give small Knoins for correct knowoffs and surviving the votes as Offs, which're scored to their profiles right away even if they're disconnected or abandon
7. Local Rooms happen where QR is shared among physically present people
8. Online Quick Play is nowhere deferred. It's main product itself
9. Humor can include sexuality within boundaries of eroticism, cartoons, drawings, abstract, and etc. It should never depict pornographic content, shouldn't violate app store rules. Age obligation should be met by users anyway
10. We can also provide Knoins to contirbutors whose work is add in the game
11. Visual theme should be Neo-brutalism. Just like it's mentioned in example blueprint
12. I need your advise on those:
    12.1. Do you think chat feature should ship in v1? Will it be costly if we add it?
13. Regarding Weekly Known Challenge:
    13.1. I think it should be an open voting however we should close it after 100 uploads
    13.2. No edit or whatsoever after upload; similarly, no vote change after vote
    13.3. Admin or contributors to check before opening the content to voting
    13.4. The sysem atuo-stops accepting uploads afer 100 but new upload slots are open per rejections of earlier uploads.
    13.5. Clear terms and conditions to accept that their content uploaded to the system can be used for commercial purposes, can be modified, and etc. We need their clear consent for any kind of use
14. Contributor portal is only web based interface where they can contribute to the below as their permissions are granted by admin; so, contributors should submit for the role while they may be granted various roles with differen permissions:
    14.1. Curator: they can create known and the deck relates to that. They should have clear rulebook and guide how to create and test those
    14.2. Guard: They have got permission to freeze the flagged users. It's still admin to take final action: ban a time or forever